El Camino Real, the King Road, stretches from northern California down into Mexico. The California missions are found all along this route. Most of the way follows California Highway 101, but there are some missions located a ways off and you have to trek to them. Starting at the southern border, at the US/Mexico boundary and stretching as far north as San Francisco, you will find a mission every 40 to 50 miles or so.
Most of the California missions are open to the public either as a museum or as a functioning church space. Before working a visit into your schedule, be sure to confirm that it is going to be open and that you are not visiting during services (unless you want to participate). Also, be sure to check if there are any photography restrictions within chapel area.
San Diego is kind of the go to spot for beaches, zoos and food, but it is also got some great history. The two prime historic attractions are Old Town San Diego, where youwill find an excavated and restored settlement, including museums and shops, and then Mission San Diego. Of all the California missions, Mission San Diego certainly feels like the most grand.
Located in the Mission Valley, away from the beaches, Mission San Diego has a grand chapel, beautiful gardens and a nice collection of historical pieces to explain the history of the California missions and their founding. This stop is the perfect first stop on a journey through California history.
Slovenia might not come to mind when you think ski destinations. But this Central european nation has slowly crept into the european ski market with high quality and affordable resorts. Vogel mountain is one of those destinations that might leave your friends scratching their heads trying to figure out where it is. The effort getting here is more than worth it. Not far from Bled and the beautiful Lake Bled, youwill have more than enough to keep you occupied between runs.
Tucked away in Romania Bucegi Mountains, Sinaia offers some extremely affordable ski options and a chance to explore one of Europe most interesting national histories. The Bucegi mountains have become known for their great trekking routes. But when the snow hits, this mountain range truly comes into it is own. Be sure to take some time to visit the beautiful city of Brasov. Not far from the legendary Bran castle. Home of Dracula aka Vlad.
More Info: Sinaia is different in that TWO different companies operate their lift systems. Which prevents a pass from being available. Hotels are easy to find and lifts are easily used. Here a great site for more information on pricing.
No list of affordable ski destinations is complete without poland. One of europes most diverse and affordable countries for travelers. Located at the base of the Tatras Mountains and not far from the beautiful Lake Morskie Oko, Zakopane has become a hot spot for nature enthusiasts. poland natural beauty can not be understated. At Zakopane youwill get an affordable crash course in God Work as the Tatras Mountains beckon you to come and take a ride.
The Democratic People Republic of Korea (DPRK) or North Korea aptly earns its title as the Hermit Kingdom. Deliberately isolated from the world in order to pursue its Juche (self reliance) philosophy,  the visitor enters a surreal world that idolises the great Leader (Kim Il Sung) and his achievements.
It is surprisingly easy to obtain a visa for North Korea  though some categories (such as US passport holders and journalists) require more time.  Once inside the country, its a very safe experience, as long as one follows the heavy controls put upon the visitor during a tour that lauds the wonders of North Korea and decries the evils of imperialist aggressors.
North Korea provides the visitor with a unique opportunity to visit the last communist bastion of the Cold War.
You will not have a lot of choice what you see in North Korea (officially called the DPRK  The Democratic People Republic of Korea) since all tours only visit the usual authorised places. If you take an independent tour, you will have more flexibility, but it does not open too many other options.  If you do wish to undertake an independent tour that does not follow the usual sites of a group tour, book early, as getting such itineraries approved can take time.
Many people believe that it is difficult to obtain a visa for North Korea, but unless you are travelling on either a US or SouthKorean passport or a journalist from anywhere this is not the case. However, one must use an authorised tour agent in order to visit the country. There are less than 20 of these around the world, and I paid extra for a private tour with Young Pioneer Tours. They are cheaper than most options and come with my strong recommendation.
Within Pyongyang, the highlights were a visit to Victorious Fatherland Revolutionary Museum provides a great insight into the country interpretation of the Korean War. Mangyongdae Children Palace is an incredible place of learning and the concert afterwards is stunning. The KumsuSan Memorial Palace is the resting places of both the great and dear Leaders. This is one of the great pilgrimages in the world, but ensure you bring suitable clothes for the visit otherwise you will be denied entry.
The spectacular and graceful Mass Gymnastics and Artistic Performance occurs around August September, however it is not held every year (there were no performances in 2014). With 100,000 people (90% of them amateurs) practicing many months for the 90 minute show, this is rightfully considered a highlight of any visit to North Korea.  I purchased 3rd class tickets and they were more than adequate.
Down at the border with SouthKorea you will visit the Panmunjom Demarcation Zone, where you can enter the DMZ. For those who have visited from the south, you will be surprised to learn that regulations on visiting from the North are far more relaxed. Restrictions imposed on visitors to the south  including no pointing, no bags, no touching or sitting on the chairs at the negotiating table that straddles the border  are all non existent when visiting from the North. It was the only place in the country where one is allowed to photograph anything related to the military.
Elsewhere in the country, other impressive sights include the Pohyon Temple and International Friendship Exhibition (filled with thousands of gifts to the great and dear Leaders from around the world) at Mount Myohyang.  The Tomb of Kongmin near Kaesong is located atop a beautiful valley, and was a peaceful place.   The Koryo Museum in Kaesong was also worthy of some time and it contained one of the best souvenir shops in the country.
You have also been WOWed by the new Wonder Woman film right? Those stunning scenes where Diana grows up with the Amazon race of warrior women on the hidden island of Themyscira…that was all filmed along the Amalfi Coast. The Amalfi Coast is a place for the entire family.
The Amalfi Coast is a UNESCO World Heritage site, consisting of 30 miles (50km) of coastline along the southern edge of Italy Sorrentine Peninsula, in the Campania region.
As well as the rugged scenery like those scenes of Themyscira island from Wonder Woman, there also small beaches, pastel coloured fishing villages, grand villas, terraced vineyards and cliffside lemon groves. To invoke the Diana and Captain Steve Trevor in you, here our 5 favourite romantic things to do in the Amalfi Coast. For more information and itineraries, check out this informative guide by Wexas Travel.
During our travels, we always seek out unique places to stay, like Flower Island in the Philippines, the romantic retreats in the Sacred Valley of Peru or the countryside estancias in Patagonia, Argentina.
The Amalfi coast has a rich history with strong cultural influences dating all the way back to the Ancient Greek Empire. As such, there are many unique architectural remains, some been converted into charming hotels.
One of our favourites is the secluded Hotel Luna Convento, a former Franciscan monastery, built in the 1200s. It lies dramatically tiered along the cliffside, overlooking the ocean, with stunning views along the Amalfi Coast.
Hotel Luna Convento is one of many unique luxury hotels to stay in the Amalfi coast. You can check prices and read more about it on most applications.
Capri island has alway been famous for being the playground for famous artists, writers and movie starts, with the likes of Chilean poet Pablo Neruda, Jackie Kennedy and more recently Beyonce, Mariah Carey and Rihanna spotted here.
Highlights on the island include the chairlift to the top of Monte Solaro in Anacapri for views of the Sorrento Peninsula, walking back down to the marina on the Phoenician steps, shopping in the designer shops in Capri town and lunch at one of the many highly rated restaurants.
Whilst it can get quite crowded on Capri, particularly in the busy summer months, we recommend coming early in the day and hiring a boat to take you to one of the secluded beaches around the island. The island of Capri can be reached by a short boat ride from the city of Amalfi or from the marina of Positano.
Positano is one of the most picturesque and instagrammable villages along the Amalfi coast. This building is made on an enclave on the face of a hill and winds down towards the water. The town itself is fun to explore with steep steps, cobblestone streets and ancient 
The real highlight is the sunset view. We recommend heading to a somewhere like Franco Bar for a cocktail to take in the magnificent sunset together.
There are many highly rated fine dining restaurants along the Amalfi coast which youwill want to include in any romantic itinerary here.
We were particularly impressed by Eolo Restaurant, which has beautifully presented delicious food, an experienced sommelier to hand to help with wine selections and also offers cooking classes.
Also famous for its views of the area, especially if you can fix one of the most sought-after tables from the front balcony.
The Amalfi coast is famous for its lemons  the sfusato amalfitanos to be exact. The yummy sweet tasting Limoncello liquor is made using these prime lemons, which are less sour than normal lemons and rich in essential oils, which gives the Limoncello its unique aroma and flavour.
The first lemon trees, were introduced to the Amalfi Coast during the first century BC and spread further inland. They were initially used to provide vitamin C on long sea voyages to prevent scurvy and over the last two centuries, they have grown in popularity even more.
You can do a lemon tour in a factory like the Amalfi Lemon Experience to learn more about them and try freshly made limoncello before it is shipped to all the many souvenir shops lining the streets of Amalfi town.
For more inspiration check out our romantic experiences in Italy and check out our 5 Romantic Things To Do in Sicily.
A few months ago I found myself exploring a part of Europe completely new to me, the Austrian Alps. Sure, I had visited Salzburg for a few hours 13 years ago, but that it. Attending a conference in Kitzbühel, I had the great luxury to enjoy those stunning views and to learn more about the communities nestled among the peaks a little more slowly and definitely with more thought. I did not just spend time in the more rural area of the Tirol region, I was sure to also visit Innsbruck, the de facto capital of the area, and what I discovered was amazing. Today I want to share what impressed me most about my time in the Austrian Alps and why it definitely wo not be my last visit.
Whether your interest is in hiking, biking, skiing or just luxuriating in the crisp mountain air, the many communities found throughout the region truly do offer something for any type of traveler. I was there though to visit a particularly special town, Kitzbühel. The town is the quintessential mountain retreat, with finely gabled roofs, luxury accommodations and of course, those gorgeous mountains. For the ultimate immersion into the Kitzbühel Alps, I took a cable car up 2,000 meters for a stunning view. While famous for its wintertime activities, today I learned that there a lot to love about this mountain town even without skis strapped to my feet.
A well located headquarters means that this sparkling attraction is easy to visit whether you are in Inssbruck or hanging out in one of those sleepy mountain communities. Do not expect a factory tour at this remarkable facility though; the process of crafting their crystal is still a closely held secret. Instead though, enjoy the fascinating Swarovski museum/gallery know simple as the Crystal Worlds. This massive facility is home to a variety of special exhibits, all created by different artists and all using an incredible number of Swarovski crystals. While the entire museum complex is interesting, it was the outdoor garden that really caught my eye. The Crystal Cloud and Mirror Pool is at the heart of the garden experience, more than 800,000 hand mounted Swarovski crystals were used to create this ethereal wonderland for the senses. With the sun shining brightly, the effect was extraordinary creating a sort of fairy tale garden in the mountains.
Founded more than 800 years ago as a key stop on regional trading routes, the city still features many of those medieval buildings, all in an array of colors. Walking around Innsbruck Old Town, I could not help but gradually fall in love with the city. The weather was perfect, not too hot or cold, the sun was shining and it seemed as if the entire city was out with me, sipping coffee at a café or just walking along the banks of the glacially fed river. There a lot more to do in Innsbruck than just enjoy a nice stroll though, and a first stop should be one that provides a great overview to the city  the Bergiselschanze. This ski jumping stadium has been hosting competitions since the 1920s and over the years has been remodeled into the modern facility found today. When jumpers are not hurtling themselves over the massive hill though, visitors can tour the facility and even take a special funicular to the top for what I think are the best views of the city. Within the town walls there even more to do including engaging museums, lush parks, amazing food to try and a climb up to the top of the City Tower for amazing mountain views.
Just as I tend to gravitate towards German cuisine, the same holds true for Austrian food and particularly Tirolean. It should not come as any great surprise really, given the region close proximity not only to Germany but other notable area of Europe, the cuisine is a perfect match for my own peculiar eating habits. The mountains have been a remote and rural part of the world for a very long time which, when you also factor in cold winters, has all led to a regional cuisine that is homey, hearty and of course delicious. Aside from the schnitzel, which is a national delicacy, look out for a few local favorites starting with Tiroler Gröstl. Originally a way to use leftovers, today it is a must try dish in its own right. 
Basically, it is a simple fry with bacon, onion and potatoes served with a fried egg on top for good measure.
Basically, this dish is made from a frying based on bacon, onion and potatoes, served with a fried egg on top. Given the preponderance of cows, it should also surprise no one that the region artisanal meats and cheeses are amongst the best in the world. Producing the highest quality meats and cheeses is a way of life for the many small, family farmers in Tirol and trying them all was a challenge I gladly accepted. Of course, you can not visit Austria without trying their schnapps and in Tirol that means Zum Wohl. The region has ideal fruit growing conditions, which has translated into a variety of distilleries around the region.
The mountain ranges of Austria are a nature lover paradise, and people come from all over the world to spend some time in the gorgeous Austrian Alps. Although it may be most famous for winter sports, the summer months bring plenty of opportunities to go biking, hiking or just being out and about enjoying the scenery. For an overview of the Alpine ranges though I did something a little different, I took a helicopter ride over them. While I have been in helicopters before, they all had something the one in Innsbruck did not  doors. The first of its kind in Europe, the folks over at MySnapAir offer guests the very unique opportunity to hang out of a helicopter as they fly over the Austrian Alps. While swinging my legs around mid air was definitely a rush, the real highlight were those incredible views. Nestled in a valley, the city of Innsbruck quickly looked like a model playset against the massive mountains. Flying a lot closer than I would have ever guessed, it is a unique way to experience the beauty of the Alps in as close and personal a way as you can get without undertaking a massive trek.
A couple of years ago, I ventured on my first road trip through Spain and Portugal. I drove from Málaga to Lisbon, making stops in some of the best cities in Andalusia. I explored the architectural beauty of old Cordoba and the hip, urban life of Seville. Like any great road trip, my Spain road trip was a lovely but weird experience. I remember struggling with some travel details: sometimes I wanted to stop driving for a while to explore somewhere new, but I was never quite sure which of the small cities on my route was most interesting or might offer a great lunch break.
In one experience, I ended up in a small city eating a rather depressing sandwich while the spanish police happily towed my car. A quick lunch break turned into a 1 hour dilemma trying to interpret the yellow sticker left in place of my rental car, and then searching for the city police station. In the end, it was just a cash fine that needed to be paid, and thankfully I had a photo of the rental car and its license plate so I was able to find it. But what should have been a happy detour turned into a sour one.
not, and how I missed some of Spain off the beaten path attractions — for example, various miradors — because I got there when they were closed or after working hours. Besides these minor inconveniences, I loved the weather, the scenery, the spicy snails (caracoles!) I bought in the street and just that general spanish way of life.
Road trips are always fun and you can explore whole regions of a country in a couple of days. For me, a road trip starts with the research and the preparation of an interesting itinerary. That where new companies like Wine Tourism Spain come in. This small, family run company offers road trip routes that are already planned with local recommendations and secret hotspots. And—importantly!—they specialize in wine and gastronomic routes through Spain (arguably Europe tastiest country).
While we are often happy to get lost while traveling, if you are already in a foreign country where they speak an unfamiliar language and with limited holiday time, it is helpful to have an expert guide even for those self planned trips. Locals always know best, so with Wine Tourism Spain you are trusting locals to choose the best places for you and in return, youwill get a high quality product, exploring places and area that otherwise you might have missed. This is really important in countries or regions of countries that you do not know so well. And let face it—when you have got a short holiday, it is best to trust the experts.
This road trip is focused on both the culinary and architectural highlights of northern Spain. With accommodation in luxury hotels (five nights), the trip includes a visit to the Guggenheim in Bilbao and the Estafeta street of Pamplona, a visit to a Michelin star restaurant in Fuenterrabia as well as to the Wine Museum in Rioja—and of course the opportunity to Instagram the beauty of La Concha beach in San Sebastian, while tasting some of the famous  pintxo tapas. Breakfasts, wine tasting and recommendations for what to do with your free time is all already taken care of.
This is an eight day adventure through La Rioja and Ribera del Duero. Instead of visiting the two regions separately and missing the great stuff hidden in between, the tour takes you to Segovia Alcazar and other castles (you can even sleep in one), and has a stop in the Cathedral of Burgos, an impressive gothic church, and the romanaqueduct in Segovia, both listed in the UNESCO World Heritage Site. As the previous tour, it includes breakfasts, and wine tasting with all your necessary Spain travel tips.
With a route through one of Spain most gastronomic regions, this route lets you explore some of the great foods of northern Spain. Because food is the center of the road trip, it includes accommodation (for eight nights) with buffet breakfasts and fine dinners. But you will eat more! Octopus, grilled fish, spanish tapas and wine tasting is included, and you will be absorbed by the landscapes of some of the most elegant and interesting spanish cities: San Sebastián, Bilbao, Oviedo and Santiago de Compostela. What about starting your career as a food blogger with this road trip?
While many people travel to Toledo from Madrid, very few explore the magnificence of Segovia. With its UNESCO sites including the Cathedral, the Alcazar and the romanaqueduct, this tour is a great opportunity to hit all the historic sites, but also exploring the best of spanish food and wine. On your way to Segovia, the obligatory stops are El Escorial Monastery and the Royal Palace La Granja de San Ildefonso (surrounded by gardens and fountains, a sort of spanish Versailles). This tour also focuses on wine and you will stop at a small enterprise funded by three brothers, a winery with very humble premises but with a great passion for wine.
When I was traveling in Argentina last month I thought it would be great to try my hand at the game of polo. I knew very little about the game except that Argentina has dominated the world in the sport for years.
Polo is arguably the oldest team sport dating back 2500 years in Persia. It was played in Central Asia and was picked up as a training method for the King elite cavalry. The game that was once a training exercise that evolved into the game we see today once the british picked it up in 1862. Having seen the sport in Manipur, India, the british brought the sport to the Western World. Rules have changed but the basics remain the same as when the game was invented in Persia 2500 years ago.
I have almost no experience riding a horse with the exception of horseback riding almost 20 years ago in grade school. Luckily Ruben, from the El Camino Polo Club, was there to teach us how to play. With a full day of polo ahead of me I paid close attention.
We started with some basic rules and exercises that any golfer would be comfortable with. Simply playing the game on the ground with a partner. This gave me a sense of confidence that would hopefully translate to when I was on the horse later that afternoon.
Finally the action began as club members divided up into teams and began a full match. The first thing I noticed was how fast paced the game was. Of course, I had no expectations, having never watched a full game on TV or in person I did not know what to expect. I have only seen highlights and interviews of the best in the sport.
Watching the fast paced game is exciting in itself before even having the chance to get involved. We watched a full match and practiced in between periods, called chukkers, on the field without a horse.
The best part about polo is all skill levels can participate together, which is similar to golf. Every player is given a handicap. A 10 handicap is the highest skilled player in the match. Of course, Argentina has the most 10 handicap players in the world and they are consistently the best country in the world.
The gateway to Egypt can be found in the heart of Cairo set along the banks of the Nile. Cairo is a common entry point to exploring the vast treasures of Egypt and one would need weeks to fully discover what the country has to offer. With political unrest a common theme and a new leader settling in tourism is down and the crowds are small. Travelers can currently enjoy reduced airfare to Cairo and uncrowded sites to uncover. This is a great time to experience Cairo and if you only have a few days it is where you should start your journey in Egypt.
The Giza Necropolis is set on the Giza Plateau and a short 15 mile drive from Cairo. Giza is home to the great pyramid of Giza, the only standing Wonder of the World from the original seven, and the slightly smaller Pyramids of Khafre and Menkaure. The great Sphinx can be found on the east side of it all. The best views can be had a short distance away where all the pyramids can be seen together. There are a number of hotels in Giza that offer stunning views of the pyramids as well.
Narrow streets, covered markets, and historic buildings fill this part of Cairo. Islamic Cairo, also known as Medieval Cairo or Fatimid Cairo, can be recognized by the architecture and winding streets that are easy to get lost in exploring the area. Le Riad Hotel offers an ideal starting point for getting around the city and one of the best area to experience the sites and sounds of the city.
The Al Hakim Mosque, built in 928, is major Islamic religious site in Cairo. It is free to enter and explore and the friendly Imam will even take you up the old minarets for a spectacular view of the city after a small donation.
The great pyramids certainly deserve the attention they receive but do not forget about some of the other great nearby sites. The Red Pyramid at Dahshur is the third largest egyptian pyramid. It was built in the Old Kingdom by Pharaoh Sneferu and is located just north of the Bent Pyramid.
The Bent Pyramid is located a the necropolis of Dahshur and was also built under the Old Kingdom. The name comes from the change in angle towards the top of the pyramid. The obvious bend changes from 54 degrees to 43 degrees but was made during construction to strengthen the integrity of the structure and avoid collapse. It also signifies a change from the Step Pyramid with its smooth sides, which were the earliest pyramids of Ancient Egypt.
The egyptian Museum of Antiquities is home to 120,000 items.The Royal Mummies are not to be missed and the Gold Mask of Tutankhamun is an incredible site. The museum deserves a few hours to fully enjoy everything it has to offer and a guide my be helpful to identify the poorly labeled antiquities.
Just next door to the museum is Tahrir Square, home to the 2011 egyptian Revolution, not a significant part of Egypt storied past. With a recent election and new leader, el SiSi, it will an interesting time Egypt. Hopefully tourists will return soon and in the mean time head to Cairo and enjoy the amazing trip of wonders it has to offer.
You are here: Home > Blog > Travel Bloggers Reveal Canada Best Winter Adventures
Travel Bloggers Reveal Canada Best Winter Adventures
by Matt on January 12, 2017 in Blog
Canada is famous for having a long winter and Canadians have shown extreme creativity in devising activities to help them pass the long, dark winter months. We have come up with some interesting ideas, some of which are of slightly insane (like ice swimming) and have questionable entertainment value (I am looking at you curling).
Despite this creativity, like all people we Canadians tend get into ruts stick to activities we are comfortable doing. Sometimes we get so stuck in our ways it is hard for us to think of new things to try when we are looking for something different.
So, to remind us of all the rad things out there to do right now, I asked a 12 travel bloggers what to tell me about their favorite adventures in the Great White North.
Here what they told me.
Quebec City Winter Carnival is a 62 year old tradition in Quebec City that brings the city to life during some of the coldest weeks of winter.  Spanning 3 weeks, The Plains of Abraham are transformed into a giant carnival filled with activities, shows, games, and food.  One of those activities is the Snow Bath, where 50 or so crazy people strip down to their bathing suits and run outside to below 0 temperatures and dance to music in front of an entertained crowd.
Fernie is not your typical ski town. It started life as a coal town, with immigrants drawn from far and wide to work the nearby mines at Coal Creek. Yet, over the years it has evolved and while coal is still king in this part of the world, Fernie is now even more famous for it is powder. And boy, what delightful champagne powder it can produce. Up to 37 feet of snow can fall each year filling the five bowls which make up the ski hill.
I know every small ski town in british Columbia claims to have the best snow, for me however, Fernie is which rules the roost. Fernie seems to have it is own little micro climate, where a systems of wet moisture from the Pacific will meet an Arctic blast from the north and create those dream conditions. The result is the lightest, fluffiest snow imaginable.
Riding in an Olympic bobsleigh was one of the most exhilarating and rough things I have ever done. They make it look so smooth on TV but when you are soaring down an ice track at 120 km/h pulling 5 G forces, every turn is felt abruptly.
I felt like a turtle soaring down the ice track at 120 km/h with my head tucked deep into my shoulders, bracing for the impact of 5 G forces at each and every turn.
Adrenaline junkies and those looking for a unique experience will relish at the chance to join an Olympic athlete for a 120 km/h ride down a 1500 meter ice track in a 4 person bobsleigh. Talk about a rush!
If you are a fan of the winter Olympics or have always wondered what it is like to be a speeding bullet, experiencing the exhilaration of an Olympic bobsleigh should be high on your list.
Located at Canada Olympic Park, where local Olympians train, you can take a ride in an Olympic bobsleigh down a 1500 meter ice track with an Olympic athlete as your driver.
At 120 Km/h and 5 G forces of pressure, experience a thrill like no other.
As you twist and turn around the track at 120 km/h, youwill pull an incredible 5 G forces and will ultimately feel like a turtle with its head stuck deep into its shoulders.
Not for the faint hearted, riding an Olympic bobsleigh down a 1500 meter ice track is a rare opportunity for a sheer adrenaline kick.
Riding down a 1500 meter ice track in an Olympic bobsleigh is as close as you can come to feeling like a speeding bullet.
Maligne Canyon is a brilliant geographic wonder. It is a narrow canyon near Jasper, Alberta that filled to the brim with a rushing river during the summer months. But in the winter the water that feeds the river all freezes and the water level drops dramatically, allowing visitors to walk along the shallow strip of ice remaining at the bottom of the canyon.
The river is normally fed party by cracks all along the sides of the canyon that constantly leak water. In the winter this water freezes creating spectacular walls of amazing ice formations. This natural phenomenon is one of the most beautiful that I have ever seen
Leaving the hustle and bustle of Dublin City life behind—with safety checks completed and map of The River Shannon /Erne Waterways in hand, we set off on a weekend cruising adventure. We were novices, my husband Patrick and I, but it did not matter. The canals of these waterways, which were re opened in 1994, were updated for beginners like us. The electro hydraulic locks that we had meet along our journey were accessible by a smart card. Meaning, there was little room for error.
We set off from our base of Ballinamore Marina in Leitrim County, and headed towards Boyle in Roscommon County. Keeping our speed to a minimum in the effort to cause little or no wash behind us. Our mission was to emulate the name of our cruiser  Tranquility by having respect for the canal and its inhabitants. 
Our cruiser had everything for us to enjoy our three night weekend away. From a cozy lounge area to a comfortable bed. The kitchenette was stocked with the provisions we brought with us. Tea, coffee, hot showers, and even a hot water bottle were all readily available. But my first choice was to sit up top next to Patrick  who would taken the wheel. To dress in the captain hat that was on board was entirely optional, but we both took turns, for photo memories sake.
Sitting there watching the countryside go by with the warmth of the sun on my face and the breeze in my hair, I could feel the city stresses seep away. I imagined them roll of the boat and into the waters below us. Unpacking our picnic basket laden with treats fit for a five star experience was a pleasure. Their display on a picnic blanket looked as elegant as a still life composition. But that did not last long as we sipped and nibbled our way through them.
We got a stride going when it came to the locks. Patrick in charge of the steering, and me in control of the automated gates. 
We made a cruise in the spring season, in April to be more precise, and even if we expected rains that arrived at this time of year, we fortunately avoided them.
Honking our boats horn as we went under the old stone bridges brought us closer to our first stop, the village of Keshcarrigan. Here we moored for the night. But before retiring we took ourselves to a pub called Gertie. Getting in and out before the Friday night crowd, we enjoyed a pint of Guinness, a hot dinner and a game of pool. Like many pubs that sell provisions for those who use the canal, once spotted, I could not pass the opportunity of purchasing a packet of Boxty. It is a traditional potato pancake only available in these neck of the woods, and with a Monaghan born dad, something that always brings back Irish childhood memories.
As the sun set that night, we watched it cast shadows on the water. The feeling of achievement and excitement filled us for the days ahead. We slept soundly. Saturday morning was greeted with an eagerness to get going and our aim was to cruise to Lough Key and moor at the town of Boyle in Roscommon. Stopping off along the way to taste the best pint in Leitrim was compulsory.  And, so we stopped at The Sheemore Inn in Kilclare before venturing on.
The scenery that you meet along The River Shannon /Erne Waterways is breathtaking. The beauty in the peacefulness envelops you. The experiences of the scenery that surrounds you can not be achieved on land. That stillness can not be felt. The 360 degree views of the horizon of water and land and sky. 
Passing by Leitrim Village we left the Erne Waterways and joined The River Shannon before making our way up the River Boyle to Lough Key. Clarendon Lock, the gateway to Lough Key was the only lock we met that was manual, but it was manned. And so we passed through as gracefully as the river and  Tranquility would allow.
Over three miles in length with over thirty wooded Islands; Lough Key offered us a vastness of waters we had not experienced on our adventure. Passing Bullock Island, the cows dotted in the fields beyond it probably had no idea of their namesake. The sun was saying farewell and the chill of spring crept in as the clock ticked towards 7.30pm.
We moored at Boyle Harbour and made our way into Boyle Town. Too late to take in the sites of the old Abbey and Clock Tower, but in perfect time to enjoy dinner, a dance, and a nightcap before settling down for the night on board our floating weekend home.
Sunday morning came, and with it, the knowledge that this was our last full day and night on the water. We were to return to where we had begun. When we travel we never liked to backtrack, always finding a new route to explore, to see and experience other aspects of the journey. However, this was different. We were happy to return to the waters we had so recently cruised. And like a good book, there were elements we had missed the first time around, so we kept on reading the water and skyline that passed by.
It was as if we were honored with a gift for appreciating the beauty around us. On Sunday evening, our last night on board Tranquility, a little past 8.30pm, we were treated to one of the most memorable sunsets I have ever had the pleasure of experiencing.
Each evening the sunsets had been magical due to the ambiance surrounding us, but on this evening, it was unforgettable! The gold and blood orange colors that seeped across the sky were picture perfect. The contrast of the blackness of the horizon…and the reflection—it was if the water had turned to liquid gold. That night we were silenced by the sunset on The River Shannon.
Mooring at our old haunt at Keshcarrigan, we stayed for the night on board our boat, without venturing out. We wanted to make the most of the peace and quiet, and bottle it up for later use. Sleeping soundly and rising early was the plan that was kept and we cruised our way back to Ballinamore by noon the next day.
There are 16 locks and 31 bridges along the 38 miles of waterways between Leitrim Village and Belturbet Town in Cavan County. However, there no need to rush on the water unless time is on your side, do not try to cover too much distance. Also, do not forget the lock opening and closing times. For us, it was 9am to 8pm.
Visit for a day, a night, a week or month. Soak in the fresh air, the stillness and hopefully be silenced by the sunsets.
 
