Thanks to a significant amount of thermal activity, Costa Rica is dotted with a large number of volcanoes and thermal hot springs. These hot springs, which come in every size, shape and temperature imaginable, are a fun way to experience another element of Costa Rica is amazing natural beauty. But not all hot springs are made equal when it comes to visiting with children. In this place there are the best Costa Rica Hot Springs for families.
Manuel Antonio National Park is widely considered Costa Rica piece de resistance. One of the most bio diverse parks on the planet, lush tropical forests, clear lagoons, mangrove forests and pristine white sandy beaches are all found within the boundaries of Manual Antonio. In this place there are four great things to do in Manuel Antonio.
In recent years, a number of world class yoga studios have opened across Costa Rica. Across the country you will find that the yogic principles and lifestyle are simple to lear and ascribe to when surrounded by such calm and natural beauty. Here are 4 of the best spots to find your yoga.
Planning a trip to Costa Rica that keeps everyone in the family happy can seem like a challenge. Here is a sample Costa Rica family itinerary that has something to offer to all age people, while balancing the must see spots with more off the beaten path experiences.
Nestled between the Pacific and the Caribbean, Costa Rica has literally hundreds of beaches. If your family loves a good beach as much as mine, be sure to check out these best Costa Rica beaches. 
While in the Arenal/ La Fortuna area you can ogle a picture perfect volcano, spend the days exploring the jungle, wallowing in mud baths and rinsing off in the numerous hot springs in the region. More adventurous families can enjoy ATV tours, zip lines and river rafting here. There are a number of hotels at a range of price points in the area, but only a few are ideal for family travelers. In this position my picks for the best hotels in Arenal.
Manuel Antonio National Park is a must see on any Costa Rica travel itinerary. Located on Costa Rica is in the Central Pacific Coast, these tangled mangrove waterways and wild rivers found in the park are very easy to access. While there are a large number of hotels in the Manuel Antonio area, a few stand out as clear leaders when it comes to kid friendly options. Here, in this place, there are the three best Manuel Antonio hotels for kids.
While traveling through Central America with my family this summer, we will be checking out the beaches of Panama and swinging from ziplines in the jungles of Costa Rica.  When we head up to Nicaragua, we will be slowing down and learning about the  country history and rich culture.
If you are considering traveling to Nicaragua with your family, start here with my Nicaragua family travel guide.
Starting at picturesque little San Juan del Sur and stretching north towards El Salvador, Nicaraguas is in the  Pacific Coast offers plenty to do and see for the entire family. From lazy days on the beach to viewing unique jungle wildlife, the secret of Nicaragua is out. That is awesome place to visit, especially for families.
San Juan del Sur is a small coastal town in Nicaragua that is a wonderful family vacation spot with tons of things to do with kids.
There is plenty to see and do in Granada Nicaragua for the whole family. This city is an ideal base for exploring the  islets of the lake, hiking to a volcano and visiting nearby communities and markets. 
If you are planning on visiting Ometepe Island Nicaragura with kids, there is plenty to do. Make it a day trip from Granada or spend a few days on the island for even more exploration. Here are the top three things you must do while visiting Ometepe Island Nicaragua with your kids.
Specifically in Nicaragua, we are keen to explore the history and culture of Central America. But we want to be sure to keep the pacing and the activities on the journey kid friendly and interesting to them. I have uncovered a few cultural and historical sites in Nicaragua that the kids will actually enjoy!
Ometepe Island is a must visit if you are traveling around Nicaragua. This volcanic island offers a ton to do with an authentic, laid back atmosphere. Thanks to it is remote location, the island only accessible by ferry boat, the island has retained it is authenticity and rustic charm. But while there are plenty of hotel, only a few are really suitable for family travelers. 
Nicaragua is set to become the next big thing. But of course with that comes change. So NOW is perhaps the perfect time to visit Nicaragua. As my family gears up for an epic adventure through Central America, I thought I had share some of the research I have been doing with regards the best Nicaragua travel itinerary for families covering Granada, Ometepe Island and the Pacific Coast.
My tour with Maverick Helicopters started at 4:45 am when I got picked by from the hotel and driven to the terminal. Everyone was professional, accommodating, and had a great sense of humor when Matt and I got totally lost looking for the bus pick up at the Venetian Hotel (it is really a maze there!).
After a quick briefing, we hopped on our helicopter. Headsets on and we flew away into the sunrise. I must say that I was slightly worried about not getting a good seat as it can take up to 6 people, but the pilot was very professional and kept rotating everyone at both landings. All of us experience all points of view.
The first thing we saw after the strip was Lake Mead, about 24 miles from the strip. The reservoir delivers water to Arizona, Nevada, and California, providing nourishment to nearly 20 million people and large areas of agricultural farmland. 
It is also a popular living spot for celebrities who perform in Las Vegas, such as Celine Dion.
The second area that we flew over was the Hoover Dam, which really could be a different tour itself. The Hoover Dam, built between 1931 and 1936 on the Arizona Nevada border during the Great Depression by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation, served the purpose of clean water from the Colorado River to promote economic development.
As the Grand Canyon came into sight I understood why it is way better to see it from the air first. It stretches an impressive 277 miles long and 18 miles wide. Carved by the Colorado River up to 70 million years ago, it is truly a masterpiece. We flew in the middle of the canyon, while the sun was slowly rising up, lighting the whole landscape.
Upon landing at the Grand Canyon we got served some champagne. While it was still early in the morning, unlike the fighter plane, I  was not  driving the aircraft so I did not hesitate to have a glass. As it was very early in the morning, we had the entire spot to only our helicopter and its seven passengers.
Ireland is a fascinating country. One can spend months traveling around the country and still not see it all. Unfortunately, not everyone can take long holidays, so this is why I recommend a short trip up north, to see the best attractions. You can journey to many of the breathtaking sets and locations featured in the popular TV show  G.O.T.. All of this just in a day or two of your G.O.T. road trip.
The best way to discover Northern Ireland is renting a car. That is way more practical than using public buses or tour companies. It gives you freedom and you do not have to follow a specific schedule like group tours have.
Dublin is a good starting point, especially for a car pick up. I recommend renting a car in Dublin, as it is a good central location. You can first drive around Northern Ireland and then continue to the Cliffs of Moher, Cork or Kilkenny Castle, before dropping your car off back in Dublin. That is generally cheaper to pick up and drop off a rental car from the same destination, so it is worth planning accordingly.
Start and end your trip in Dublin, but be sure to save time to see the city itself before you hit the road. Unfortunately, in my case it did not happen as I missed my flight from Scotland. As a result instead of having a full day in Dublin I ended up having an hour in Dublin.
Belfast still appears for many as a no go place. In movies and TV it is often portrayed as a sin city, but I think it offers a unique glimpse into it is culture of contrasts though it is dry sense of humor. And of course my favorite accent in the world! I really liked Belfast!
What to do in Belfast? If you are short on time, I recommend a visit at the beautiful City Hall and Titanic Museum. Unfortunately, you can not just go for a visit of Titanic Studios where they film G.O.T., opposite to Warner Bros & Universal that offer quite extensive tours. The famous throne is inside though.
Planning a trip to London can be challenging, especially when it comes to finding a place to stay. With many neighborhoods to choose from, each offering something different, looking for accommodation in London can be terrifying. When I lived in London for many years I got to live in almost every corner of the city. Now I can tell you what each area offers.
Best Areas to Stay in London
There is no universal best neighborhood to stay in London since all sights are spread out. There is also no downtown as such, and much depends on your interests and budget. London is generally a safe place, no matter where you stay.
Getting to Know Different Districts of London
The first issue with London is that districts are not always named the same everywhere. Getting to Paris is easy, where the district (arrondissement) are numbered, but London is divided in a different way. Officially, the city of London is a small part of London you expect (marked white on the map below). Trafalgar Square, Big Ben, London Eye or any other iconic landmarks are not even part of it.
The City is now only a tiny part of the metropolis of London, though it remains a notable part of central London. Administratively, it forms one of the 33 local authority districts of Greater London; however, the City of London is not a London borough, a status reserved for the other 32 districts.
You might want to ask where is the West End area, as you have probably heard about it. West End is actually not an official geographical or municipal definition, but a term used colloquially by Londoners. Therefore the exact constituent parts are up for debate.
Before we delve too deeply into descriptions of different areas, let us introduce you to the transport system. Do not get intimidated by London tube map  it is easier to navigate than it looks like and it is perfectly safe.
Hotel shuttles from airports are rare. Taxi or Uber from the airport is insanely expensive. I do not recommend taking private transportation unless you arrive exhausted in the middle of the night.
London has a great public transport system. This is safe and usually works great (and it if does not there is always a replacement bus right away). But, not all tube stations have elevators and you might have to drag your suitcase up the stairs.
You have to buy an oyster card (a refillable transport card) in order to use the buses and tube now. Unless you have a touch card from a UK bank. You can buy these for £5 in multiple tube stations or the airport.
Sydney tends to come second to Melbourne when it comes to the opinions of many travelers, but do not let other people put you off  Sydney is beautiful. There is a rich arts scene with loads of museums, galleries, theaters, and of course, the Sydney Opera House, along with a host of markets, festivals, bars, beaches, and parks.
While the temperature can drop to around 10 degrees Celsius in winter, the city spends much of the year in full sunshine, which means the birds are chirping, the flowers are blooming, the harbor is sparkling and the cafes are buzzing most of the time.
Like most cities, Sydney is not crime free, but this city is a pretty safe place. The law states that no one is permitted to walk around with a weapon (guns, knives, mace, ect), so the odds of someone pulling a firearm or something on you are slim to none.
The dilemma of deciding whether to move to Sydney or Melbourne seems to be a big one for travelers. Many I have spoken to have preferred Melbourne on the basis that Sydney is too corporate and concrete. It stays a bit like that if you stay in the city center, but Sydney changes completely when you leave the CBD.
Newtown, Surrey Hills, Erskineville, Enmore, and parts of Redfern have more cafes and artisan bars than you could shake a stick at, Bondi and Manly have relaxed beach vibes going on basically all the time. Wandering around Centennial Park is perennially lovely, Circular Quay seems to sparkle all the time, and springtime means the jacaranda trees bloom all over town. Sydney can be a truly beautiful to walk around.
The decision on where to move should be based on the way you prefer to live. Sydney is warmer, sunnier and drier than Melbourne. Crime rates are also lower, alcohol costs less in bars, beaches are incredible and even the outer suburbs are quietly livable. On the other hand, Melbourne is considered the artistic capital of Australia, the hidden bars are quirky and unique, and the rent is slightly cheaper depending on what you like.
The cost of living in Sydney is quite high, largely due to rental prices. Rent will generally cost you more than AU$250 per week, depending on what you are after.
If you want a private studio, you are looking at $400 per week minimum, and if you are after a room in a share house, it might be closer to $230 per week minimum.
Utilities and internet are never included in rental prices, so that is always an additional $300 per quarter if you are frugal. Breakfast or lunch at a café is usually more than $15, and 1kg of potatoes is around $4.
Read on to learn about my top 6 experiences in Costa Rica. Maybe they will give you some ideas for your own adventure!
After a long, nearly 6 hour drive from Manuel Antonio, we arrived in the town of La Fortuna and were immediately greeted with… rain. Rain, and rather chilly temperatures. The cool, wet weather continued the next day, nixing our vague plans for zip lining or paddleboarding or any other sort of outdoor pursuit. We went on a drive in the morning through the jungle towards Lake Arenal, spotting some wildlife  and plenty of clouds  along the way. We eventually gave up and headed to some hot springs for the bulk of the day. We went to Paradise Hot Springs  an alternative to the big, expensive springs like Baldi and Tabacon. While small and not nearly as fancy as its more popular neighbors, Paradise was actually lovely. Lisa and I were essentially the only non Costan Ricans there, and we quite liked it that way. The best part was that we only paid $35 for the whole day, including a meal.
After a lazy day at the hot springs, we returned to La Fortuna just as the clouds were miraculously starting to clear. We were treated to a balmy and beautiful sunset that night from the park in the center of La Fortuna, with Volcan Arenal piercing through the clouds right at the golden hour. I know how seriously lucky we were  most people I have talked to have visited this part of Costa Rica and never seen even a glimpse of the volcano.
Our first stop on Costa Rica's Caribbean coast (even before we had lunch) was at the Sanctuary of Sloth, one of the only places in the world dedicated to rehabilitation and the study of both three-finger and two-fingered sloths. The sanctuary takes in injured sloths  many of them hit by cars or zapped by power lines  and does its best to rehabilitate them, while at the same time using the animals to educate people about these unique creatures. We took the Buttercup Tour, which includes a guided tour of the sanctuary and lots of fun facts about sloths, as well as a canoe ride through the nearby jungly environment. You used to be able to hold the sloths here, but the sanctuary has discontinued that practice after their vet suggested it was stressing out the animals. If the animals you love are the sloths (or you just want to learn more about them), this is a must-do.
Our third day in Costa Rica, we woke up early (before the tourist crowds) and headed to Manuel Antonio National Park  one of the top destinations in the country. We went there hoping to spy monkeys and other local wildlife. But what we found instead were some of the most incredible beaches I have ever seen. And, because it was before 9am, and because you have to pay to enter the park, the beaches were pretty much EMPTY. Lisa and I agreed that we could have stayed at Playa Espadilla Sur all day.
The afternoon before our morning of private beaches, we spent a few hours sailing the Pacific around Manuel Antonio. With only about 10 of us on a spacious sailboat, we enjoyed the sun and surf with reggae tunes as our soundtrack. We spotted some dolphins, stopped for some quick swimming or snorkeling, and had one of the best meals of the trip onboard before literally sailing off into the sunset. The trip was all at once relaxing and exciting  there is nothing better, I have decided, than a sunny day spent on a sailboat in the tropics.
Sailing almost won, but in the end I had to go with our visit to the Jaguar Rescue Center in Puerto Viejo.
The Center was started by 2 spanish biologists who met and fell in love in this place that is Costa Rica and have become veterans of Puerto Viejo. We visited this animal sanctuary on our last full day in the country, with me insisting on it since I knew they had monkeys there, the favorite animals of Lisa. The Jaguar Rescue Center does not actually have jaguars at all  but it does have a whole host of other jungle animals. During our visit we learned about everything from snakes to toucans to green tree frogs to sloths. The adorable baby sloths were the highlight for me, but I know the highlight for Lisa was the monkey enclosure. Inside are a handful of young howler and spider monkeys who love to play  with each other, and with any human who enters the enclosure. At the end of our visit, we spent about 10 minutes inside, letting the monkeys use our arms, shoulders, and even heads as launch pads.
The following post is from my friend, Rachel Stone, who has been traveling in Goa India with kids for years and is based here most of the year.She has traveled with her cuties all over India and is about to share her best advice for other moms traveling to Goa India with children. Rachel is a fashion designer (for children and adults) and has a shop in Mandrem called Alchemy. He will tell you a little about himself and why he is in Goa with the children, so he will share all his advice!
Rewind back even just to the beginning of the nineties and you did not see many children on the beach here in Goa  but now traveling has become so much easier and hotels and restaurants welcome families with open arms. Sunset time and you see babes in arms and teenagers enjoying the beach and the waves.
How did I find myself traveling in Goa India with kids? In 2009, I had left my life in London as a fashion buyer for Urban Outfitters and started designing my own range with my friend, Fumie. We had a stall at the fantastic Saturday Night Market. In 2012, I was pregnant with my first child Ruby and so happy to be bringing up my family in Goa. Later, I had my son, Max. Both Fumie and I were pregnant at the same time and started designing our raw silk square tops to make breastfeeding in public easier.
This first kids collection is mini versions of four of our favorite styles in the FARA collection. The favorite pieces of my daughter Ruby was the kimono as her chosen name is Ruby Sparkly Rainbow Princess Kung Fu Master, while Fumie little girl Shion was in love with the more girly Frill Dress.
Last year, I wrote that 2016 turned out to be a lot worse than I expected. And not only because of the election.
2017 has been a lot better, thankfully. A better business year, a better personal year, even in spite of all the fears ushered in by this new political era. And while my travels were significantly more dialed down than past years, I felt like my travel itch was fully scratched. I am especially happy that so many domestic destinations now have budgets for campaigns  a few years ago it seemed like the only paid work to be had was in Europe.
This year I did not go as far as usual  my travels were concentrated in the US, Caribbean, and Europe, though I did travel to seven new countries (Saint Kitts and Nevis, Moldova, Ukraine, Belarus, Lithuania, Estonia, and Russia).
Visiting Chernobyl was one of the most moving experiences I have had during my travels. But while visiting Chernobyl and the plant itself was interesting, the most fascinating part of the trip was visiting the ghost town of Pripyat.
In the 31 years since the Chernobyl disaster, the forest has reclaimed the city. Giant trees now push up against every building.You often do not realize that you are right in front of a building until your guide points it out to you.
Then came the grand finale. We climbed eight floors up to the top of an apartment building and looked across the landscape. Only then did we realize how close the buildings were to each other, and we were able to make out the edges of a town.
Only then did everything coalesce for me. This was once an actual town with everything you could possibly need. 
It reminded me of the place where I grew up. And it was abandoned in a jiffy. What an incredible world to visit.
Sometimes the best moments are born out of the worst. Minsk was a struggle for me  it was a large and incomprehensible city with a severe language barrier and almost no wifi. Plus, I nearly had a disaster when I had to get a last minute flight out when I learned my visa free terms would not let me leave by train.
But then I landed in Vilnius and it was all so mellifluous.
I got on actual, working wifi at the airport. I went outside and found a taxi driver. In perfect English, he welcomed me to Lithuania and told me what the estimated cost would be, then assured me he would be using a meter. The ride was smooth; he played great dance music. I got to my apartment rental and let myself in using the key codes, no meetup with the host necessary.
It was late, but I went out for a walk and sat down at an outdoor French cafe, sipping a glass of wine and giggling at the kilted Scottish football fans surrounding me. I felt like it was a return to the order and beauty that I had been missing for days. Loose away in an instant.
This is probably the single best activity I did this year. Colorado is a brilliant destination for hiking, but it gets even better when you get to bring llamas along! Paragon Guides offers a variety of excursions through the mountains surrounding Vail.In Colorado there are most of stunning views. I went on a guided hike outside the town of Minturn that included a picnic lunch.
We were given two llamas named Kareem and Bailey. Bailey loved to eat blueberries; Kareem actually sneezed in my face, to the laughter of everyone present. Llamas really are sweet animals. They had the softest fur, they were fairly obedient (assuming they were not going to town on a mound of grass at the time), and they made beautiful companions on Instagram!
I also want to give a shout out to my guide Paul, who was incredible kind, friendly, and personable. Having a great guide makes a wonderful tour even better. I felt like I left the tour with a new friend.
I had always heard that watching planes land just steps from Maho Beach on Saint Maarten was a crazy and memorable experience. But this surpassed my expectations. Of course the photo opportunities were excellent  particularly when big KLM planes landed  but it was just a rush to enjoy this unique activity.
Even better was feeling the rush when the planes took off, blasting hot air straight into the beach. It was like the end of the world a crazy wind tunnel, sand flying everywhere and a huge noise. I loved it.
There are two things you need to know, though. First, the airport on Saint Maarten was severely damaged after Hurricane Irma, as was Maho Beach, so we will have to stay tuned and see if things will be repaired. But before the hurricane, a woman was killed watching planes take off. She was holding on to the fence in front of the pavement. The police of Saint Maarten believe this to be the first fatality related to watching the planes, though many people have injured themselves before.
Please be careful. The safest thing to do is to stay out of the planes path altogether and just watch and take photos from the nearby cafes. If your choice is to stay on the path, you must still be careful!
On the first night my three friends and I were together in Las Vegas, we got glammed up with makeup and hair and went to see Ray Romano and David Spade perform stand up. Why go see that show? The Romanos are close friends of one of my friend families (in fact, we first met Ray 15 years ago, right after graduating from high school). Thanks to those connections, we were offered free tickets to the show and got to hang out with both Ray and David in the green room afterward!
I do not like being starstruck  I like chatting with celebrities as normal people. But after talking to David Spade for a few minutes about regular things, I had to say something  Tommy Boy is my favorite movie. Oh, and my dad and I must have watched Tommy Boy a hundred times, I added.
Thanks, he replied. I can not hear that too many times. And thank your dad, too.
Cape Town has it all; beaches, ocean, mountains, gourmet food, city life, and beautiful landscapes, all mixed into a melting pot of cultures and traditions.
No trip to Cape Town is complete without seeing Table Mountain. To be seen absolutely, either from the sea level, going up and down the cable car or hiking on one of the numerous routes to the top. Not only is it listed as one of the new 7 wonders of nature, but it is also the only terrestrial structure in the world to have a constellation named after it! Hiking to the top then getting the cable car down is an ideal way to explore the mountain but, be wary as the hike up to the summit is deceptively long and tough on some routes! Having spent a good few hours climbing your way up from Kirstenbosch Gardens, you then also have to get all the way along the 3km plateau! As long as you're prepared with the right shoes and lots of water, but it's worth it (and tears!)
This beautiful village an hour drive east of Cape Town is home to the most beautiful beaches in the Western Cape. With secluded beaches stretch for miles with white sand meeting deep blue water, it is easy to think you are somewhere exotic! The village itself is nestled between the Hangklip mountain, nature reserves and the ocean. This area is home to Harold Porter Botanical Gardens which give Cape Town, this city have a famous Kirstenbosch Botanical Gardens a run for their money! Pringle Bay is a perfect day trip or short break getaway from the bright lights of Cape Town with delis, cafes, and restaurants all within easy walking distance of each other in the small village center. If strolling along the sandy beaches is not active enough for you, Blesberg sand dune is just around the corner, perfect for speedy sandboarding adventures!
Voted Most Scenic Coastal Route, this stunning road winds its way along the coast from Cape Town towards Hermanus. With the mountains on one side and False Bay stretching across to the Cape of Good Hope, on the other, the contrast of colors is breathtaking! Depending on the time of year, you may be lucky enough to catch a glimpse of dolphins in the distance, or even a shark  be sure to check out the shark spotting noticeboard on your way past!
This suburb of the city is located on the slopes of Devil Peak. With a fascinating history that has taken the area through battles between many nationalities, Woodstock is now a vibrant suburb with farmer markets, breweries, arts and crafts, independent designers and historical sites, there is plenty to while away several hours. Affectionately known as Windsock, make sure to bring a layer to protect you from the howling wind that blows through the suburb!
The area known as District Six, was home to a mixed community of freed slaves, merchants, artisans, laborers and immigrants until it was declared a white area in 1950. The museum shares memories of the District Six Experience in which 60,000 people were forcibly removed from the area and moved to the Cape Flats.
This delightful food market is located at the slightly less commercial side of the V&A Waterfront. The market showcases all sorts of delicacies from traditional biltong to locally made chocolates  there is something for everyone and plenty to fill ravenous tummies or just to provide a quick snack stop.
This vineyard is located in the Durbanville Hills wine region on the outskirts of city. This area is often overlooked by tourists heading to Stellenbosch or Franschhoek but Durbanville has plenty of vineyards and fantastic restaurants, away from the tourist crowds. Signal Gun offers tastings for their wines and beers as well as cheese platters and chocolate pairings! The restaurant next to the Tasting Rooms does a wide range of dishes with various specials throughout the week.
You never know what you are going to get at The Kitchen. As a catering company, their salad bar is filled with whatever they feel the need to make (and you can check it out on their Salad Cam before you go)! It is small and only open during the day so if you are heading there for lunch, noon is the perfect time.
South Africa have one of most navigable cities, Cape Town. The bus system is comprehensive in the downtown core and there are plenty of reputable taxi companies. The best way to find a taxi is to ask your accommodation or restaurant for recommendations. if your intention is to explore further afield, renting a car is very convenient and autonomous driving is a great way to get out of the city and travel according to your schedule.
Mysterious bamboo forests, elusive geishas, narrow alleyways and some of the best street food in the world, can all be found in on old capital city: Kyoto, Japan.
A city like no other, Kyoto is the perfect painting of a historical place in a modern setting. Most travellers arrive here via the Kyoto train station, a contemporary building with over 14 stories full of shops, eateries and art displays. You might even be forgiven thinking you have arrived at the wrong destination. But worry not, although well hidden, the old Kyoto will soon reveal itself to those who seek it.
Kyoto has long been nicknamed the city of 10,000 shrines. Although the number itself is highly exaggerated, Kyoto is indeed the perfect place for temple hopping, being home to over 1,600 spiritual sites. Allocate at least a couple of days exploring some of the most exquisite and picture perfect Japanese temples.
Start the day by visiting Nijō Castle, a 1603 wooden castle with fantastic gardens. Nijō Castle was the residence of the first Shogun of the Edo Period. The castle is now a UNESCO heritage site and a fantastic place for Sakura lovers. The admission is 600 yen.
Continue your journey towards Nishiki Market, also known as kitchen of Kyoto. This market is full of food, restaurants and gift shops. Explore at your own pace and indulge yourself in all matcha sweets, rice cakes and mochi. 
The food options for vegetarians and vegans are many, the tofu glazed on a stick which is one of the most delicious Japanese snacks. For the adventurous fish lovers, take a tako tamago which is a small octopus with an egg on its head. For a little extra energy, do not forget to order your matcha milk.
Rengeoin Sanjusangendo is a Buddhist temple well known for its one thousand and one-life statues of Kannon, the goddess of mercy. Inside this temple are not allowed photos, but the interior is quite impressive, so it's worth spending your time.
As you get closer to Fushimi Inari, old Kyoto starts unfolding. Narrow alleyways and wooden houses create the oriental ambience you have been waiting for. Grab a bite from the street vendors around Fushimi Inari, and indulge in sweet snacks before your hike. Fushimi Inari is a Shinto Shrine which goes up the mountain. Have plenty of water with you and take it easy. 
There are two different routes you can choose, but both of them drive the same way. It is a circular trail, and if you stick to the path, you will not get lost. The trail is usually incredibly busy, so do not get stuck at the beginning for those perfect pictures. Keep on going, as the further up you get, the fewer people will be around. The whole walk is up the hill till you reach the top of the mountain, then descends back down. The whole trail can take more than 2 hours, or even longer depending on how many times you wish to stop. Along the trail, you will encounter some vending machines and a couple of restaurants. 
This place is where most people tend to stop and come back.
A quiet walk, where you can still continue to enjoy a quiet trail through the dense forests, where you can find many fox statues along the way and smaller torii purchased by tourists and dedicated to God Inari.
It is time to head West, towards the Arashiyama bamboo forest. A short train ride will lead you straight into Arashiyama, a traditional Japanese settlement with beautiful wooden houses, a statement of Japan olden days. The Arashiyama bamboo forest is an iconic tourist attraction, which means it is almost always busy. You do need a lot of patience to get those great photos of the forest, but if you decide to put the camera away and just admire your surroundings, you might just be able to find your inner peace. Look up, as the bamboo stalks gently rock back and forth, a beautiful dance to the sound of the wind.
While most visitors to Spain will understandably opt for a trip to Barcelona or Madrid, they are missing out by not heading south to Spain most vibrant city: Granada.
I admit that I am biased, but take it from someone who is spent the last year here: Granada is a place you absolutely cannot miss. Home to tapas, flamenco, and centuries of history, the Pomegranate City is one to be felt more so than seen. While it may not offer much in terms of attractions compared to its neighbors, culturally, few places are richer.
Want to get an idea as to how culture of Granada has been shaped and transformed throughout the centuries? The covered  of Alhambra got you.
Granada was controlled by the Arabians for over 700 years until 1492 when the Christians finally reconquered it. Thus, the city became a key place of convergence of spanish and Arab culture. The Alhambra is undoubtedly the best showcase of Arab influence in the region. 
Take a walk through the palaces, admiring the intricate floor to ceiling designs. Get lost in the labyrinthine gardens as you breathe in the fresh smell of cypress. Look out over the rolling hills and imagine what it would have felt like to be one of the lucky few to wake up to a view this spectacular every morning. Give yourself at least four hours to see everything, including the Court of the Lions, the Palace of Charles V, and the Alcazaba.
Book your Alhambra tickets as far in advance as possible, you can purchase tickets online, at the Alhambra ticket offices, or at the ticket office in the center of town located in Corral del Carbon, if you can not book in advance, check with your hotel. They might have a few tickets laying around. In high season, this means you should be lining up by 7 a.m at the latest.
In order to become a resident of Granada, you must first pass a test that entails navigating the Albaicin without so much as a glance at your map. (Ha! I wish it were that easy.) Joking aside, the Arab quarter of Granada often gives even lifelong Granainos trouble. My advice is to go without a plan and see where you end up in this dizzying cluster of side streets.
This is where you will find shops displaying gorgeous Moroccan scarves, blankets, and decorations. Try to swap! but I've never been lucky. Travelers who want to sit and relax can do so in one of the neighborhood's many hookah bars.
Within the Albaicin lies a neighborhood that is known as Sacromonte. Historically, this was where The gypsy population made its home in caves built into the side of the mountain of Granada. 
While the Gypsies continue to live in the area, people start stationing in Sacromonte.